Privacy Policy
Messengoo utilizes state-of-the-art security and end-to-end encryption to provide private messaging and Internet calling services to users worldwide (“Services”). Your calls and messages are always encrypted, so they can never be shared or viewed by anyone but yourself and the intended recipients.

Information you provide
Account Information. You register a phone number when you create a Messengoo account. Phone numbers are used to provide our Services to you and other Messengoo users. You may optionally add other information to your account, such as a profile name and profile picture. This information is end-to-end encrypted.

Messages. Messengoo cannot decrypt or otherwise access the content of your messages or calls. Messengoo queues end-to-end encrypted messages on its servers for delivery to devices that are temporarily offline (e.g. a phone whose battery has died). Your message history is stored on your own devices.

Additional technical information is stored on our servers, including randomly generated authentication tokens, keys, push tokens, and other material that is necessary to establish calls and transmit messages. Messengoo limits this additional technical information to the minimum required to operate the Services.

Contacts. Messengoo can optionally discover which contacts in your address book are Messengoo users, using a service designed to protect the privacy of your contacts. Information from the contacts on your device may be cryptographically hashed and transmitted to the server in order to determine which of your contacts are registered.

User Support. If you contact Messengoo User Support, any personal data you may share with us is kept only for the purposes of researching the issue and contacting you about your case.

Managing your information. You can manage your personal information in Messengoo’s application Settings. For example, you can update your profile information or choose to enable additional privacy features like a Registration Lock PIN.

Information we may share
Third Parties. We work with third parties to provide some of our Services. For example, our Third-Party Providers send a verification code to your phone number when you register for our Services. These providers are bound by their Privacy Policies to safeguard that information. If you use other Third-Party Services like YouTube, Spotify, Giphy, etc. in connection with our Services, their Terms and Privacy Policies govern your use of those services.

Other instances where Messengoo may need to share your data

To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
To enforce applicable Terms, including investigation of potential violations.
To detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
To protect against harm to the rights, property, or safety of Messengoo, our users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
Updates
We will update this privacy policy as needed so that it is current, accurate, and as clear as possible. Your continued use of our Services confirms your acceptance of our updated Privacy Policy.
